Question: How would you deploy this application to production?
Answer 1:
To answer this question; I would like to make one (1) declaration and then some assumptions:
Declaration 1: I am not aware or informed on the deployment practice and standards of WebFX as a Software Development Company.
Assumption 1: Since every company has its internal policy and standard when it comes to deployment pipelines for CI/CD; I will assume there is one sandbox environment, sandbox testers, a push to a branch on sandbox, and then if there is no issue a push to production.
Assumption 2: I am going to assume I have the access to merge code from branch to master and from sandbox to production.
Assumption 3: I am going to assume WebFX runs their entire system on AWS.

And so to answer the question; Deploying the Monograph Dashboard to production will be done in the following steps:
1) After building & testing on my local and ensuring that my developments are pushed regularly to a branch on sandbox; I would inform the person in charge of my completion when I make my last push to my assigned branch on sandbox.
2) I believe there will be a review of my code; if there are no conflicts or issues then I will merge my branch with the main on sandbox.
3) Once the testers have tested my completed project on sandbox main and everything is stable with no issues. I will go ahead and make a push from sandbox main to production main.
4) Once project is on production main, project will be deployed to our hosting server on AWS; a domain name owned by WebFX will be pointed to it.



Answer 2:
But looking as this application is a website, I feel I should also share how I would deploy a website;
I am going to assume this is a personal project built from scratch and outline the steps in the deploying the website:
1) I would purchase the domain name after confirming its availability and also purchase a hosting plan.
2) On purchase I will be given my login credentials for my access to Cpanel; after logging in to Cpanel, I will go through the file upload process and upload all my website project files.
3) My uploaded project files will be uploaded to the server my hosting plan comes with.
4) Once uploaded successfully my website will now be live.

